welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about Slumdog Millionaire
eighteen-year-old Jamal Malik an Indian
Muslim from the Dharavi slum is a
contestant on the Indian version of Who
Wants to Be a Millionaire and as one
question away from the grand prize
however before the 20 million rupees
question he is detained and tortured by
the police who suspect him of cheating
through a series of flashbacks Jamal
recounts the incidents in his life that
provided him with each answer
Jamal's flashbacks begin when he is five
years old he manages to obtain the
autograph of Bollywood star Amitabh
Bachchan after jumping into an outhouse
suspect
Jamal's older brother Salim later sells
the autograph the incident is followed
immediately by the death of a siblings
mother during the Bombay riots as the
brothers flee the riot they meet Latika
a girl from their slum Salim is
reluctant to take her in but Jamal
suggests that she could be their third
musketeer a reference to the Alexandre
Dumas novel the three musketeers
although the brothers had read the novel
in schools albeit not diligently and
referred to themselves as Athos and
Porthos it is revealed that they do not
know the third Musketeers name Latika
ultimately joins the group despite
Salim's initial refusal the three are
found by maman a gangster who trains
street children to become beggars when
Salim learns that maman is blinding the
children to make them more effective
beggars he escapes with Jamal and Latika
to a departing train the brothers
successfully board the moving train
but Latika is unable to keep up Salim
grabs her hand but purposefully lets go
leaving her to be recaptured by maman
for the next few years
Salim and Jamal travel around on top of
trains making a living by selling
picking pockets washing dishes and
pretending to be tour guides at the Taj
Mahal at Jamal's insistence they return
to Mumbai to find Latika where they
discover that she is being raised by
maman to be a prostitute
the brothers rescue her shooting maman
dead in the process Saleem gets a job
with Javed a rival crime lord back at
their room
Salim orders Jamal to leave him alone
with Latika when Jamal refuses Salim
draws a gun on him and Latika persuades
Jamal to leave years later Jamal now at
chai wallah in an Indian call centre
searches the centres database for
selenium and Latika although he fails to
find Latika he learns that Salim is a
high-ranking lieutenant in Javas crime
organization Jamal confronts Halim who
pleads for forgiveness and offers to let
Jamal
stay in his luxurious apartment Jamal
lies his way into Java desn't sin order
to reunite with Latika although he
professes his love for her she tells him
to forget about her despite the refusal
Jamal promises that he will wait for her
everyday at five o'clock at the VT
station
Latika attempts to meet him there but
she is captured by Javed smen led by
Saleem Jamal loses contact with Latika
in a final attempt to reach her he
decides to become a contestant on Who
Wants to Be a Millionaire because he
knows she watches the show regularly
Jamal is extremely successful on the
show answering every question correctly
he becomes popular across India much to
the dismay of the show's host Prem Kumar
during a break
Kumar attempts to trick Jamal by feeding
him the wrong answer to the penultimate
question when the question is asked
Jamal uses his 50:50 lifeline leaving
Kumar's answer
correct one Jamal answers correctly
raising immediate suspicion that he is
cheating when the episode ends Kumar
leads Jamal out of the studio and he is
forced into a police van after an
initial beating the police inspector
listens to Jamal's explanation of how he
knew each answer finding all of Jamal's
stories bizarrely plausible the officer
allows him to return to the show at
Javed safehouse Latika sees Jamal on the
news in an effort to make amends for his
past behavior Salim gives Latika his
mobile phone and car keys he asks her to
forgive him and tells her to find Jamal
Latika is fearful and reluctant but
agrees and escapes Selene fills the
bathtub with money and sits in it
waiting for Javed and his men to realize
that Latika is free for the final
question Jamal has asked the name of the
third musketeer he uses his phone a
friend lifeline to call Saleem because
it is the only phone number that Jamal
knows
Latika answers and tells Jamal that she
is safe although she does not know the
answer to the question relieved
Jamal arbitrarily picks the first answer
aramis he is correct and wins the grand
prize Javed hears Latika on the show and
realizes that Salim has betrayed him he
and his men break down the bathroom door
Salim kills Javed before he is shot and
killed himself
elsewhere Jamal and Latika meet on the
platform at the train station and kiss
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]